you're welcome they're great yeah Alice
and I know they're a handful say hi to
your mom for me I will okay are you
Elizabeth Beaumont yes Alan your husband
home mrs. Beaumont
well yeah see it Alan is there some kind
of problem it's all right I know these
folks we have talked bad listen well
sure come on in I'll call Alan what are
you doing in Ludlow are you that is
Beaumont yeah what's going on out we're
here to question you in connection with
a capital crime you have the right to
remain silent and you have the right to
legal counsel if you cannot afford legal
counsel such will be provided for you
look I don't know what you're doing 160
miles out of your territory while you're
looking at me like a splatter Burchett
on your carpet I'll tell you this I'm
not answering any questions until you
tell me what's going on it's about how
much much oh the photographer what about
you been murdered Jesus by who evidence
says you did
this is a joke you account for your
whereabouts during the time period from
11:00 p.m. last Friday until 1:00 a.m.
Saturday morning yes I was in New York I
just got back today a little while ago
how long we then I left Friday four
o'clock flight out of Bangor anyone meet
you there did you do anything that night
no I see I called my agent but collie
just let me know I was coming in you
called him but you didn't see what do
you think I'm lying to you possibility
and I've got to consider it from what I
know about you Thad you're not the kind
of person that ever do a thing like this
but none of that counts when it comes to
me doing my job well call the airline
TWA or the hotel sherry-netherland they
must have a record of when I checked in
Alan we haven't been up to Castle Rock
for weeks I mean I don't get this way
you so determined to lay this off on
that because he thinks I did it he
thinks I did
yeah okay
honey are you alright you okay
you